>>Wavelogix

Sep 2024 - Present

wxRebel, wxDashboard

Wavelogix, https://wavelogix.tech/

Software Engineer developing the dashboard software for the REBEL®

It has been a joy working for the Wavelogix team. We are a small team of impactful engineers,
reducing CO2 one concrete cylinder at a time! The company's current objective is to accelerate
construction schedules by eliminating the need for cylinder strength testing. I have had the
privilege of driving the development of the dashboard: the software for users to gain insight into 
the state of their concrete.

The dashboard is comprised of an AngularJS frontend, MongoDB as our database, and for the backend, 
ASP.NET (API) and Azure (serverless compute, software deployment).
<<

>>Purdue University

Fall 2020 - Fall 2024

bmExpress, purdueCS

no links

Bachelor's of Science in Computer Science with a concentration in software engineering

March 8, 2025: I am proud to say that as of this past December, I became a Boiler Alum! I learned so
much at my at Purdue, and after being in industry for nearly 7 months, I've applied what I've
learned in my classes many times. Purdue challenged me in ways I never expected, but now
I am empowered to conquer every problem I encounter. Boiler Up!

I will be finishing up my degree this Fall with just one class: CS 381, Algorithm Analysis. I know
it seems strange to take just one class, but after some personal challenges in Spring 2024, it made
a lot of sense to lighten my courseload by dropping the most time-consuming course. This was also a
great opportunity for some more work experience before jumping right into industry, and I am happy
to say I was able to take advantage!
<<

>>Dannar

Summer 2024

dannarPic, dannarMPS

no links

Software Enginner intern, worked alongside a senior software engineer to develop, debug, and maintain the software for
Dannar's Mobile Power Station! 

Another role included taking on the Dannar Telematics Project, where
I used CAN message data in an AWS S3 bucket to decode, query, and visualize the data. Most of my
time was spent learning about the IQAN codebase and documenting its functionality via a Gitlab Wiki.

Dannar is an electric vehicle startup whose target market are customers with large-scale operations
that require high amounts of power. The Mobile Power Station does this with a minimal carbon
footprint without compromising on efficiency or convenience! I have learned so much about the
automobile industry and software's plays an important role. Software development at Dannar developed
my knowledge of CAN and J1939 message protocols, MATLAB/Simulink and IQAN/QCode programming, AWS
services and Python for data analysis, the physics of a high-voltage system, and Git,
HTML/Markdown, and finite state machines for documentation purposes.
<<

>>Fisher Packing

Summer 2023

fisherPic

no links

Software consultant, worked alongside a QA specialist to digitize Fisher Packing's inventory and 
production management.

I was responsible for getting all of Fisher Packing's inventory digitalized. This was needed to
streamline quality assurance practices for all of their products. By the end of summer, I developed
an GS1-128 barcode decoding extension for Google Sheets, input all inventory and recipe data into an
inventory tracking software, and used Google Forms to digitalize the quality assurance logs.
<<

>>Coaching Wrestling

May 2022 - Feb 2024

hWrestling

no links

Assistant Wrestling Coach at Harrison High School.

Heading into Purdue, I was not able to walk on to the wrestling as I'd hoped. COVID did not make
the sport very accessible during that time, so once it became less of a threat, I got involved in
the sport again by becoming a volunteer coach. Harrison has one of the best coaching staff\'s in
Indiana, and I am very thankful to be apart of it! Our room was hard-working, motivated, and
team-focused, full of an unwavering spirit of family, which was my favorite aspect.
<<

>>Boiler Awakening

Fall 2021 - Fall 2024

baAlex, baFloat

no links

Retreatant and Staffer of the Boiler Awakening Retreat hosted by Boiler Catholics

At Boiler Awakening (BA), I was first a retreatant, then a small group leader twice, and on general
staff for the second time in Fall 2024. I've been to many Catholic retreats and conferences, had
incredible experiences, and deeper understandings of my faith. BA, however, has been the best. Once
you go through this retreat, you leave with a better understanding of God's love for you, other's
love for you, and what is holding you back from receiving it! This was a very important part of my
college experience, which is why it will be my fourth time staffing in Fall 2024!
<<

>>Ignite

Fall 2020 - Fall 2023

no pics

no links

Member, Leader, and Coordinator of multiple Ignite groups!

The first ministry I became apart of at Boiler Catholics was Ignite, which is a Catholic small group
focused on prayer, scripture, and discipleship. I was a member in an Ignite group my first semester
of college, and continued to simultaneously be a member of an Ignite group and lead my own! During
the Spring semester of 2023, I was a coordinator of multiple Ignite leaders as well as leading my
own. For this role, I would help organize the Ignite retreat, and held biweekly meetings with my
assigned leaders to stay updated about their groups and help each other grow spiritually. I've
developed important friendships and social skills through this ministry, and it was been a pleasure
to be able to make a positive impact on Purdue's campus.
<<
